[etcd] Use prometheus metricset for etcd v3 metrics (#8438)
elastic/integrations: packages/etcd/_dev/build/docs/README.md

# etcd Integration

This integration is used to collect metrics from [etcd v2 and v3 instances](https://etcd.io/).

It periodically fetches metrics from [etcd metrics APIs](https://etcd.io/docs/v3.1/op-guide/monitoring/). 

## Compatibility

The etcd package was tested with etcd `3.5.x`.

## Metrics

For etcd v2, metrics are collected through the etcd v2 APIs, whereas for v3, they are fetched from the `/metrics` endpoint.

When using v3, datasets are bundled within `metrics` data stream, while for v2, available datasets include `leader`, `self`, and `store`.

> By default, etcd v2 data streams are disabled due to the discouragement of etcd v2 usage. However, it's possible to enable etcd v2 APIs while using etcd v3 by using the `--enable-v2` flag, this feature will not be available in v3.6.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ETCD v2 APIs are not enabled by default. However, you can enable ETCD v2 APIs when using ETCD v3 and above by utilizing the --enable-v2 flag, provided it is supported.

```
